Hi, guys.
Walker, in this lecture, we're going to display the session users.
Okay, but before then, we need to head up to this, which is our tree and then the video player,
IE10, and make sure you have this video play item to dispose before this spot to dispose so you can
copy it from the bottom and had that.
So for this so far to dispose and as I said this is going to save you a half from future app crashes.
Okay, so now we can use controller and that's the save.
Okay.
So now we need to head back to the views dietary and then the search for this screen and now we can
use contra and beats to make this way.
Okay.
Now the first step is to have access to this test controller class.
So all we can do is we can create a find our variable and we can just go ahead and specify.
It is a type of what search controller and we can call this on this car.
Search controller and there's going to be a to this vicious end before it gets done.
Put.
Okay.
So now all we can do is we can a light and use contour and dots in the same parts.
Why switching that we can say switch.
Controller.
Right.
And over here, I like this contrarian duds.
Okay, Dan, we're going to impart from the get slash, get the dots.
And over here we need.
A semicolon.
Okay.
Now, the necessary to do is to be able to grab the value of what the user is going to type in.
Yeah.
Okay.
And.
Yeah, right.
Okay.
Yeah.
So to do that, we need to.
It says that it.
Right.
So you can just go ahead and say find her and go ahead and say it is a type of test and it's in controller.
And you can call this we can call this on the screen.
The more we can just search.
Controller.
It's going to be quite to test.
Editing controller adjusts the record and we tend to test field like we have this test from field or
via this test home field as well has a property known as controller.
So for this controller is going to be the search controller.
Okay, great.
Okay.
So now with this, we are able to have access to whatever value this is going to type in.
Yeah, right.
Okay.
Now the next thing to do is to have some check.
So over here we can't say if search.
We're not using the F actually, but that's what we are trying to say.
If Satch Altschwager does.
But what?
Okay.
Sorry.
That technique by the said controller class that's going to be on this class.
Search controller.
Dot what?
Dot says users.
Says users.
Not the function, but the verb.
We have those issues as dots is empty.
That's means we are currently not searching for end users and that's means we want to display the center
widgets.
Right.
Okay.
And the value.
What we can do is at much lower, which is and where it starts.
Okay.
So over here it's NC.
Right.
We can then see else.
I'll answer it on her list.
View.
The other.
Okay.
For the item builder, this is going to be contest.
And.
Indians.
Right.
And we need a surveyor.
Okay.
And we are going to return a list.
Ty.
They start.
Okay.
So we call on here.
What we can do is.
Had your.
A common interest would have been very good for Matt.
Okay, great.
Now the next interview is we can basically just go ahead and dispel Ed by saying, okay, we can just
do this.
Item counts for the item count is going to be on this car search controller and that's what they'll
assess users and what lengths.
Okay.
This is going to give us I'm in use as we have with the same name.
Right.
Okay.
And as you know, this this guy has a property known as world leading.
Right.
So for the leading we can use.
A sequel, Avatar.
What to display the image and you can have the recurrent image and the image aspects in network image.
Okay.
So now what we need to do is before the return, we can create a finite variable.
I think you've seen all this before and we can call this search.
Search data.
And number two on this car search controller.
So what that says users and we can see we need.
Other users that have similar name.
Okay.
So over here we can then say search data and what starts row for to.
How the trachoma.
And.
Great.
And now all we need to do is to correct Dad's function.
We have quad session users, so it's in there.
Within the test home field.
The test home field has a property known as Aren Field submitted.
So now it has better function.
So we can use an arrow function.
And then say.
Search.
Controller.
So there it is.
That's something that's value.
Spanish controller.
Okay.
So we call this on this course, which.
Controller.
The word dot.
The function that is a search user.
And now we can then code that controller we have.
That is the search.
Controller hunting is going to be very confusing.
I want to see another way to do this.
And now we can see the test in lots of us.
This is the value.
Okay.
Grids.
So where we are basically is that variable, that function we have.
And whatever the result is, we wanted the speed of it by easily.
See the view there.
First of all, we are saying if we don't have any sets or in this test either we want to display what
this edge uses test else water this plane is view the view there.
And once I have a lead in, I think lead is going to be at the left side, right and titles are going
to be at the middle and trail is going to be at the right.
Right.
Okay.
So currently we don't have any such users and that's why we're currently seeing this session is right
and what we can as well to in the that's a naked display every time that is a manual.
Submit this, we automatically display that says Jesus.
So what we can do is of others sleazy that either we can around this for us we distributor as well.
I think you've seen this before and we can convert this to something we have also seen before.
That is the all the hex and now we can get rid of what we have.
What we have inside here.
And as well the builder.
Okay.
And also this a case controller and as to safe.
I'm trying to be.
Well, we can just do it.
We can also start this.
We sat in and this is going to take some time and we can then give you this try.
Definitely there's not going to be any errors or issues.
Okay.
So now let's try this out.
We can go to the said screen and I think I have a name for it, Mark.
Okay.
Nothing has been displayed.
I'm just going to check my controller.
To see if we have any issues there.
Okay.
We are saying it's a gorgeous ash test and we can check run seminars to see if we have any issues as
well.
I'd support.
Okay.
We don't.
Well, now all we can do.
Instead of this.
Okay, let's go back to the search.
Says Just.
So it says screen.
And he said, oh, this says test we can pass in.
Value.
Again, this value is simply also referring to.
Well, we have a very odd case analysis controlling this to save.
And it continues to save.
And.
Okay.
You can see probably that was not the issue, but you can see this as this values referring to whatever.
We're going to have a problem, probably.
I'm just gonna do this.
Hopefully that was not the issue because it's the same thing.
You can use this and you can as well use that.
Value we have is basically referring to whatever infused we have by it.
Okay.
As well.
We don't just want to display that.
We also want to have the tie to.
Okay.
So you would send the list.
But outside of, say, cooperator, we want to have the title and it's going to be a test we get and
it's going to be, as said, deter and the name.
Okay.
Great.
You can see it is display every time because y is in the obese.
Now what we can just do, like I said, you can see it does a set control either test or value or you
can just do it.
We can just go with the value.
Deval is also referring to whatever we have over it.
So both are saying, well, we can just go with the value.
Okay.
Now that's a have a much more readable code or any way you think is more readable and then we don't
longer need this.
I think this will also save us from some confusion and get rid of this.
Okay.
So I see the same and you can go with that.
Just note is the value of it is referring to whatever we have over here.
Okay.
So I can just.